Artist: will.i.am f/ Phife Dawg
Album:  Must B 21
Song:   Nah Mean
Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com

[Chorus: will.i.am] (Phife Dawg)
will.i.am's in the house and uh (yeah) 
Phife Dawg's in the house and uh (yeah) 
Lots of honeys in the crib and uh (yeah) 
We got Zumas in the fridge so uh (yeah) 
Pop a cap and fill me up (ya nah mean?) 
Let's get this party started up (ya nah mean?) 
Yeah, and we don't stop, c'mon, and we don't stop 

[Phife Dawg]
Guess who's back and outta blood clot house?
With obscure ways to turn a party out 
Shut a sucka, down, stage left clown 
It's the Five-Foot Invasion that's about to go down 
So what the deal, now? Who want it with the Phifer? 
Number one, hands down, yo eff you and your cypher 
If you wan' see me, betta make sure you're ready 
Better revamp your ish, make sure it's legit 
Rethink before recitin, gotta make sure you ain't bitin
Cause what I lack in height-in, I sho' make up in writin 
+Remember this Titan+, who verses stay tight and
step up on the scene and the whole place bitin 
Should a brought'cha A-Game, you wouldn't be so frightened 
So now we're on the steez that ya broad-a straight likin 
Better yet lovin, she love to get ta cuttin but EWW~!
(Yeah)...So I passed her on to will 

[will.i.am]
Yo, we did it like this and we did it like that 
Mr. will.i.am comin heavy on the track 
You know it's intact precise and exact 
When I'm hittin' your lovely with the soul clap 
Cause nothin vibrates without a vibe 
And you'll never have a nation if you never had a +Tribe+ 
And that's the sure shot 
A-check, check, baby, cause ya don't stop 

[Phife Dawg]
Diggy-Dawg Mutt Ranks, here I go to end the soft 
Peep my persona, I bleeds up north 
With a basic uniform would be, all types 
of Tim boots, LIG, or a Sean John suit 
My Knickerbocker retro compliments all that 
New Era fitted to match, now who you think started that? 
Queens we dress for success, never catch us lookin awful 
Steel briefcase with the all black snorkel
With all that bein said, I rest in ATL 
But New York is like my badge of honor, I wear it well 
And with all that I've accomplished, no doubt my head swell 
While clowns +Wish+ to be Carl Thomas or R. Kel 
Need mortal words of Nas, +It Ain't Hard to Tell+ 
If you don't honor your craft then you can never excel 
Y'all must of caught amnesia for all this work my Tribe put in
Despite breakin up, promoters still bookin
Tip "Amplified", I think a million was sold 
Shaheed and Lucy Pearl, I think a million was sold
I'm the only one from Tribe who didn't get to see gold 
Yet I'm platinum in the streets so my jewels you hold 
Quadruple platinum if you let me tell it, well mother- uh!
Landspeed, yeah, that's right, I said it 
Them bitch-ass niggaz coulda said they ain't know how to sell it 
So when I'm seen in Cincinnati, y'all go straight +Hi-Tek+ it 
When I'm seen in Motown, I'm a straight +Jay Dee-er+
Phife Dawg, left hand on penis, yuh nah see it? 
One time for your mind, don't make me tap your jaw 
I rep this mic for El Salvador to Baltimore, and even more 
Hardcore, I bring to ya raw, ha! 
You know I have no flaws , yeah
It's like that, y'all, it's like that, y'all, 
It's like that-a-da-da-dat, it's like that y'all,uh

[Chorus]

[Outro: Phife Dawg] (will)
Yeah, Black Eyed Peas in the house and uh (yeah) 
One fourth of Tribe in the house and uh (yeah) 
We rep it like this (yeah) 
'Robi one, where you at son? (yeah) 
LA, back down to Queens 
ATL, Oaktown, wassup? Ya nah mean? 
(And we don't stop, c'mon, and we don't stop)