Artist: Phife Dawg f/ Hi-Tek
Album:  Ventilation: Da LP
Song:   D.R.U.G.S.
Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha

[Phife Dawg]
When folks say they want some raw hip hop, guess who they quick to call?
Diggy Dawg, cuz my shit be neanderthal
Some call it primitive, retaining to an earlier time
Can't help but go back to them years like '89
When brothers gave a damn about the beats and rhymes
Now life is only by the party, ices worn by everybody
But what are you saying lyrically, come on, seriously
See that's what's wrong with this muthafucking industry
MC's be listening to they A&R friends
But they ain't your friends, they ain't into setting no trends
It's all about them, and how you can make them some ends
But fuck that, I'm here to make sure that skills transcend
Where there's a, pad and pen, Phife gon' make 'em some yen
With Mr. Fudge on his job, Hi-Tek on the blend
Wifey holding me down, granny singing me hymns
Urging me to praise God and keep my eyes on him
Just to look is at, see him, he's a mimic to me
Simply put things in perspective, on how to MC
And be an all I can be, done deal, and that's real
Phife the baby face of hip hop, with the raw whip appeal

[Chorus: Phife Dawg (Hi-Tek)]
I'm here to do what I can do, and I'm done with that
(Yo, fuck that, this where the realness at)
I know you fraud ass rappers can't attest to that
(Yo, fuck that, this where the realness at)
Real rap's aim at the wig, while rest fake jack
(Yo, fuck that, that's where the realness at)

"The realness"
    "And that's my word"
"Queens"
    "Into that"

[Hook 2x: Phife Dawg]
One-time for your mind, this is how we do
Phife Dawg rock gems, Hi-Tek produce
And it don't stop, we got the sure shot
It's for the, it's for the, better men of hip hop

[Phife Dawg]
So you wanna be that superstar, but you more like nova
Shining for a week, by next Monday you're over
Anytime you see a mic, better look over your shoulder
BOW! Before you get smacked with the boulder
Thought my attitude was cold for you G? It's even colder
Bitter, MC's get kicked right in they shitter
Mut' Ranks, more controversial than Adolf Hitler
Test me, you getting cut with this here log splitter
Now who's iller, backs get snapped like Tostitos tortillas
My shit be killa dealer, Planet of the Apes, fuck a Magilla
Feel me, black, to Queens, New York, where y'all at?
Lick two shots out in the air, front front to back
Too many rappers running round, fronting like they the bomb
Or you hardly to be the first to read the 23rd psalm
Did you think you'd just get over, with the looks and charm
Or did you, study the style that the next was on?
Come on? Time's up for the fraudulent, peep the style that I implement
I'm say, God damn I'm so innocent
Shit's just so critical, niggas don't wanna hear the lyrical
And they wonder why this rap game's so God damn fickle
Peep the fake shit that the wack suburban rapper be on
One or two rappers from the projects they might sing love songs
Tell me, is something wrong? Damn, right, niggas ain't tight
And they won't be tomorrow, next Never-uary, and damn sure not tonight
You wanna know why? Cuz Diggy Dawg is in they eye sight
You wanna know why? Cuz Phife Dawg is in they eye sight

[Chorus]

[Hook 4x]