Artist: Nas f/ Large Professor
Album:  Life Is Good
Song:   Loco-Motive
Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com
 
(Oooooh-ooooh-oooooooh, 42nd Street Terminal)
 
[Nas]
Yo, yo, I live it and I speak it, my religion is reefer
Big money'n to most, an uninhibited freak to sleep with
My visions are realistic, nothing is figurative
I can wish it into existence, God want this nigga to live
Blunt big as a dread, I get high and forget who bled
Who we stomp, kicked in the head, and who we left for dead
Who are you niggaz? Why argue, niggaz?
The truth is the truth, I really put my scars on niggaz
They wear them lifetime, they tell they hoes, Nas did this
Pointin to they scars like, "Right here, baby, really Nas did this"
Like a badge of honor, not braggin I'm just honest
War stories we tell 'em, nothing's realer than karma
Sip prohibition liquor, prohibition whiskey
Rap Jack Dempsey, matte black Bentley, pimply
Shatterin your silence, passing round the chalice
Due to my Indian ancestry at the weed dispensery
Official kings and gents is who I mix and mingle with
Fuck your ice, I rock rubies - amethyst
I'll fuck your wife cause she a groupie - scandalous
This for my bad hood bitches, ghetto glamorous
 
[Interlude: Large Professor]
Yo, what we talkin 'bout niggaz?
What we talkin 'bout niggaz?
This is NAS~! (Whoa!) NAS~! (Whoa!)
Nasty, (Whoa!) recollect, muh'fucker
 
[Nas]
At seventeen I made seventeen thousand livin in public housing
Integrity intact, reppin hard 
They askin how he disappear and reappear back on top
Sayin Nas must have naked pictures of God or something
To keep winnin is +My Way+ like Francis
As long as I'm breathin, I'll take chances
A soldier comin home, twenty years old with no legs
Sayin there's no sense to cry and complain, just go 'head
So much to write and say, yo I don't know where to start
So I'll begin with the basics and flow from the heart
I know you think my life is good cause my diamond piece
But my life been good since I started findin peace
I shouldn't even be smilin, I should be angry and depressed
I been rich longer than I been broke, I confess
I started out broke, got rich, lost paper then made it back
Like Trump bein up-down-up, play with cash
 
[Interlude: Large Professor]
My niggaz like a locomotive! NAS!
We push it, mush 'em! Queensbridge to Bushwick (You don't know)
Harlem (You don't know), Bronx (You don't know), all that (You don't know)
You ain't even supposed to BE out here, you know where you at?
 
[Nas]
At night, New York, eat a slice too hot
Use my tongue to tear the skin hangin from the roof of my mouth
Shit was Felissimo, melted pot, city swelterin hot
Staggerin, drunker than those cops that Tupac shot {*gunshot*}
I was a crook by the train with that iron thing, concealed
Reachin, soon as I heard them iron wheels screechin
When it came to a halt whoever walked off got caught
Token man safe behind a locked door for sure
Minor thief shit, minor league shit, beastin
Lookin for the juks young, but now we older chiefin
In my truck, play "The Greatest Adventures of Slick Rick"
Buggin on how his imagination was so sick
It's ghetto beef, sinister niggaz snicker through yellow teeth
Alcohol aging my niggas faster than felonies
How dare I? Must be, something in the air that, corrupts me
Look at my upkeep, owned and sublease, I'm here y'all
 
[Outro: Nas]
This for my trapped-in-the-90s' niggaz
...FOR MY TRAPPED-IN-THE-90S' NIGGAZ!
Ha, for y'all niggaz