Artist: DJ Khaled f/ DJ Premier, Nas, Scarface
Album:  Kiss The Ring
Song:   Hip Hop
Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com, Nickolye16@aol.com

[Intro: DJ Khaled]
This shit's special!!!

[DJ Premier scratchin]:
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-DJ Khaled!!!

[Female]:
J.U.S.T.I.C.E. LEAGUE!!!

[Verse One: Scarface]
A-A-A-A-A-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I would give to her
She left me stranded in my nightmares
Takin pictures of my memories she right there
Twisted on the blade in my heart deep
Always on my mind so I can't sleep
She used to tell me she was all mine
Now the only way I see the broad is online
I'm doin drugs tryin to feel you
I'm killin me tryin to kill you
I built my whole life around ya
I thought I found it all when I found her
Shoppin sprees on whatever coast
How'd you really feel I may never know
And as I ride through these streets
With my hand on my heat eyes red from sweet sour
Realize some things never change
Once in love and it's gone, you don't look at it the same baby
Fuck love 'cause she don't live here
I'm soaked in blood but I'm still here
Hip Hop heartbreaks
Straight laced, deep base, 808's plus the mixtapes
Got a nigga feelin like I upped and let ya
Get away now ya all in the lectures
Bein studied by the colleges, professors
Now I regret the day I met ya (BITCH!!!)
I be the first one to say it
She ain't the one you wanna play with
I FUCK HIP HOP!!!

[Verse Two: Nas]
And if-and if-and if I cried two tears for her
That would be the most that I can give to her
I am Joseph, Darryl, Jason, Dr. Dre, O'Shea and a host of those who passed away
Today I'm Drake, I'm Wayne, 2 Chainz
You say you wanna rap, to this bitch you must commit
Then you're a slave to your grave, you won't get out, you cannot quit
She menstruates weekly, her +Vibe+ covers keep you warm
But +The Source+ to her heart is love, +Word Up+, +Right On!+
You know how girls are, she love when you lickin on her +WorldStar+
Kissin on her belly, trick on her at Onyx
Confused fans think that she illuminates demonic
But she's the object of my affections, God's essence, God bless her
She bought me Bentleys, Breitlings, made some friends resent me
for writin about my life, they thought I shoulda stayed quiet
She took me to places I woulda never saw without her
And she took me from my girl powder
I doubt I'll ever be the same, uhh, hallowed be thy name
Give me strength so I don't do this dame like Orenthal James
Brad warned me, while drivin this auburn Ferrari
Never follow in her games, I fuck around and I'll be sorry
But I tried her used to ride her, for dollars not the fame
She slowed me down and had me guzzlin on cups of lean
She's a middle-aged cougar, showin young'ns the dream
Noticed she wasn't breathin for a second then I screamed
"She's dead!" And everybody took it out on Nasty
I was just lookin out, for my music family
Wasn't tryin to claim her to myself, she's yours
You can have her, she's a motherfuckin whore
I fuck Hip-Hop!

[Outro: DJ Premier Scratchin]
And-A-A-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I would give to her-"Scarface"
Sh-S-S-S-S-She ain't the one you wanna play with-"Scarface"
You-You-You-You say you wanna rap, to this bitch, you must commit-"Nas"
I FUCK HIP HOP-"Scarface"
And if-And if-And if I cried two tears for her, that would be the most that I can give to her-"Nas"
S-S-S-S-S-She ain't the one you wanna play with-"Scarface"
I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I FUCK HIP HOP!!!-"Nas"
AH-A-A-AH-A-A-AH!!!!-"Chuck D"
H-H-H-H-H-H-Is-hard-as-hell!!!-"LL Cool J"
And-you-all-know-how-the sto-ry-go!!!-"DMC"

[DJ Khaled]:
This shit's special!!!

[DJ Premier scratchin]:
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-DJ Khaled!!!

[Female]:
J.U.S.T.I.C.E. LEAGUE!!!
